hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2020 action movie
birds of prey
starring margot robbie
warning spoilers ahead
the joker breaks up with harley quinn
four years after the enchantress is
defeated dumping her on the streets of
gotham city
she is taken in by doc the owner of a
taiwanese restaurant and recovers from
her relationship by cutting her hair
adopting a spotted hyena whom she names
after bruce wayne and taking up roller
derby
harley gets wasted in a nightclub owned
by brutal crime lord roman zionist and
cripples his driver after the latter
taunts her
she meets dinah lance a burlesque
performer who later saves an inebriated
harley from an attempted kidnapping
dinah's fighting talents excites
zionists and he hires her as his new
driver
harley burns up the ace chemicals plant
the next night in order to publicly
proclaim her split with joker
meanwhile gcpd detective renee montoya
is looking into a series of mob killings
committed by a vigilante brandishing a
crossbow
when montoya discovers harley's jewelry
at the ace chemicals explosion site she
realizes that harley is in danger
without the joker's protection
she attempts to enlist dinah as an
informant but dinah declines
zionist dispatches dinah and victor's as
his sadistic right-hand man to acquire a
diamond encrusted with the account
numbers for the bernalillo crime
family's money which was massacred years
before
cassandra cascane a young pickpocket
steals the diamond from zazz and eats it
after being apprehended
harley is apprehended by cyanis soldiers
while fleeing montoya and several other
individuals she has hurt
dinah warns montoya and zazz informs
scientists that cassandra has the jewel
cyanist kidnaps harley and forces her to
retrieve the diamond under duress as
well as placing a price on cassandra
harley frees cassandra by breaking into
the gcpd using a variety of non-lethal
grenade launcher rounds inspired by
fireworks and the two escape
harley and cassandra build a bond while
hiding out at the former's flat after
escaping the crossbow killer who is
revealed to be helena bernelli
approaches doc for information
helena has been hunting each of the
criminals responsible for her family's
killings preferring the moniker hunter
dress after surviving her family's
massacre and becoming trained as an
assassin
later when harley's flat is bombed by
criminals searching for cassandra doc
regretfully admits that he sold harley
out
harley contacts zionists and offers to
hand over cassandra in exchange for his
protection with the two agreeing to meet
at an abandoned amusement park
dinah informs montoya of the meeting but
zaz notices her treason and worn sinus
zionist distraught dons his ritualistic
mask earning him the moniker black mask
montoya confronts harley in the park but
harley knocks her out of a window
zaz enters tranquilizes harley and holds
dinah at gunpoint but he is killed by
helena who explains that zaz was the
last of her family's murders
montoya reappears and the two engage in
a standoff until they realize cyanus has
arrived with a small army of masked
criminals
the impromptu team successfully
withstands and repels their attack using
harley's old gear
cassandra is taken by zionist during the
struggle but dinah uses her meta-human
power of supersonic level screaming to
beat several of cyanus mobsters
on roller skates harley pursues zionists
and with helena's help the two catch up
with him
the last showdown takes place on a
nearby dock
sinus is about to execute cassandra when
she takes the ring from a grenade she
slid under his jacket earlier after
stealing it from harley's weapons chest
just as the device detonates harley
knocks cyanus off the pier killing him
montoya resigns from the gcpd after
defeating cyanus criminal enterprise
helena joins forces with dinah and
montoya to form the birds of prey a
vigilante group that uses the money from
the accounts buried inside the diamond
which was recovered from cassandra
harley and cassandra flee selling the
diamond to a pawn shop and launching
their own company
thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes
or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time